for those people that may not know about
this today's video would be all about
the aiming down sights spread issue for
LMGs I wanted to actually make this
video a while ago but I wasn't too sure
if this was intended or not but after
talking to some people in fact it does
seem like a bug before I demonstrate
basically there's a problem with
allergies where if you aim the on site
and shoot too quick the spread of your
bolts will be extremely deviated when
comparing to if you wait very slightly
before shooting I'm not to show up this
problem started with the spring patch
but it's recently been reported on CTA
quite a few times and to demonstrate
this problem for anyone that has no idea
what I'm talking about I'm going to aim
down sight with the mg for but I'll wait
very slightly before I actually shoot
and as we can see this spread grouping
is fairly tight however let's see what
happens if I shoot immediately right
Arthur I aimed the on-site you'll see in
the next few groupings that the spread
is a lot wider and it seems like as LMGs
have pretty bad hip fire spread I'm
wondering if some of the hipfire spread
values are still being applied to your
aiming down sights spread which like I
said before I'm not too sure if this is
intended or not but the people that have
been reporting this issue have been told
to add it to the BF tracker website that
tracks all the bugs in the game which
tells me this mechanic is not intended
at all let's take a step back this time
so there's a little more distance I'm
going to fight through groupings with a
slides later if I actually shoot and as
you can see just like last time the
spread is relatively grouped up and then
I'll shoot another two groupings but
this time I'll shoot straight after a
Mindy on site and just like before the
spread as I take a closer look is much
much wider which is not a good thing to
happen at all especially in those heated
gunfights so what about other belt-fed
LMGs this time I'm using the owl stop
which has slightly improved hip five
starts to the mg for I'll shoot two
groupings with a delay first and as we
can see the spread is fairly tight
however if I shoot without a delay the
spread becomes extremely wild as you can
see which is really not a good thing and
even looks a little bit worse than the
mg for if we compare still image of the
ulcer
opens I'm thinking the difference is
pretty huge because the outside has very
little recoil and spread increase per
shot is lower than the mg Falls so the
aiming down slides with a delay on the
left side Argos be pretty tight but if
we take a look on the right side with no
delay the groupings are huge which tells
me two different theories the first one
is if you aim the outside and shoot
through quickly you'll get hit with a
max spread value of that weapon instead
of you normally hitting the max rated
value after holding down a trigger for a
certain amount of time or it's a case of
seen as LG's have pretty bad hip fire
spread they're simply just not enough
time for it to reset to its intended
aiming down sights spread value when you
start the 80s animation let's see what
happens with a magazine-fed LMG like the
RPK 12m as we can see these groupings
are with a slight lay then the next
one's on the right side will be if I
shoot straight away however we can see
the issue isn't as bad because the
magazine-fed LMGs have improved hipfire
spread and their max spread is quite a
bit less than that belt-fed LMGs but
what about other weapons does it happen
on carbines or assault rifles well if we
take a look at the AK 5 CEO I did a few
tests and yes it does seem to happen
very very slightly but it's absolutely
nowhere near as bad as the LMGs if I
take a still image from the AK 5c the
left side has a delay so the groupings
are a little tighter compared to the
right side that has a no delay like I
said it seems like the issue is very
very slightly present on the carbines
and probably most other weapons in the
game but it's really know when there is
bad as LMGs so to summarize what does it
all mean how will this affect you in
game well my advice is if you're using a
belt-fed OMG don't shoot immediately
once you start the aiming d on site
animation or else you get hit with an
insane amount of spread just give it a
bit of time before you pull the trigger
but in the heat at the moment most
players probably just hold down the
trigger straight away and suffer the
insane spread without even realizing it
however yes I know it might seem like an
intended mechanic as dilated tone down
the LMGs overall in the spring patch but
like I said before the
people on CTA that have brought up this
issue on many occasions have been told
either by CTA community member or a
dice'll a devta posted in the BF tracker
website that tracks all the problems in
the game so if it was intended I really
don't think they would say to add it to
the BF tracker also this hipfire spread
is she went aiming down sights from what
I can remember was a fairly big problem
when the game first came out but i do
remember there being a patch that
supposedly fix the problems so i'm not
too sure if maybe this problem was
reintroduced into the game since the
spring patch a couple of months ago well
it's actually been the game even before
that I mean who really knows but in my
opinion I don't think weapons should
behave like this at all in the game even
on the belt fed LMGs the hipfire spread
should instantly turn off and the
intended a dsred value should be applied
for that particular weapon as soon as a
game realizes you're aiming down sight
but anyway guys that's it for today's
video let me know what do you think
about this problem maybe I missed
something leave your thoughts down below
thanks for watching and I'll see you in
the next video